AWS connectors: align client setup docs (#2038)
akka/alpakka: docs/src/main/paradox/awslambda.md

@@dependencies { projectId="awslambda" }

## Setup

Flow provided by this connector needs a prepared @javadoc[LambdaAsyncClient](software.amazon.awssdk.services.lambda.LambdaAsyncClient) to be able to invoke lambda functions.

Scala
: @@snip (/awslambda/src/test/scala/docs/scaladsl/Examples.scala) { #init-client }

Java
: @@snip (/awslambda/src/test/java/docs/javadsl/Examples.java) { #init-client }

> This connector is set up to use @extref:[Akka HTTP](akka-http:) as default HTTP client via the thin adapter library [AWS Akka-Http SPI implementation](https://github.com/matsluni/aws-spi-akka-http). By setting the `httpClient` explicitly (as above) the Akka actor system is reused, if not set explicitly a separate actor system will be created internally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This connector is setup to use @extref:[Akka HTTP](akka-http:) as the default HTTP client implementation via the thin adapter library [AWS Akka-Http SPI implementation](https://github.com/matsluni/aws-spi-akka-http). By setting the `httpClient` explicitly (as above) the Akka actor system is reused.  If it is not set explicitly then a separate actor system will be created internally.
```
